Rewrite send response BBEs (#3769)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/http-send-different-status-codes-with-payload/http_send_different_status_codes_with_payload.md

# REST service - Send different status codes with payload

> The resource method can return a custom status code response record with a body and headers. This custom record type can be created by including a subtype of the `http:StatusCodeResponse` record. This record type has a `body` field, which represents the response payload, and a `headers` field, which represents a `map` of the response headers. In addition, the `body` field type can be overwritten by a custom record type. Use these custom records if you want to send different status code responses with custom payloads and headers. Furthermore, defining such records can produce a better representation of the responses in the OpenAPI specification, and using typed records for the `body` field provides compiler validations and better tooling support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resource method can return a subtype of status code response record type with a body and headers. This type can be created by including a subtype of the `http:StatusCodeResponse` record type. The `body` field represents the response payload while the `headers` field represents a `map` of the response headers. Additionally, the `body` field type can be overridden by a custom record type too. Use these custom subtypes if different status code responses need to be sent with custom payload types and headers. Furthermore, defining such records can produce a better representation of the responses in the OpenAPI specification, and using typed records for the `body` field provides compiler validations and better tooling support.
```

Author: Fixed via [9c3c207](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution/pull/3769/commits/9c3c207d6ca8971110fd8bce55edd27c8b13e18b)

# REST service - Send different status codes with payload

The resource method can return a custom status code response record with a body and headers.

> This custom record type can be created by including a subtype of the `http:StatusCodeResponse` record. This record type has a `body` field, which represents the response payload, and a `headers` field, which represents a `map` of the response headers. In addition, the `body` field type can be overwritten by a custom record type.

Reviewer: Breaking the description into multiple sentences will add more space in web layout. Shall we concat and keep a single sentence?

Or is this intentional?

Author: > is this intentional? 
No, forgot to remove the line breaks, fixed via [1712d9b](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution/pull/3769/commits/1712d9b7a9915d4d186d080967247e0f4d62097e)
